// strategy: opponent plays stuff, you target and steal it, buff it, swing with it, and sac it. this deck is voltron/combat tricks/group hug/theft denial all at once. the deck is based on having loki and a sac outlet on the field, cheap instants/cantrips that can target opponents creatures (that often have extra utility - primarily draw) in your hand, and waiting for the opponents to do anything. the primary game plan is stealing opponents creatures, buffing, and flinging them for big chunks of damage. you can also steal blockers to let loki connect and win with commander damage, or you can leverage the value engine in the cheap spells for a number of things. two of your instants dont require mana - one is phyrexian, the other has convoke. use these for defending in a pinch when your opponent thinks you're tapped out. to make sure you have a supply of instants for theft, you need draw, and most draw pieces in this deck involve group hug. dont be afraid of giving opponents cards to keep your hand fat; your opponents dont like getting their commander stolen so you will need the politics. you also have double strike and damage doublers, they provide a *lot* of damage when you connect. enough pump and double strike on loki itself and you can simply win via commander damage. two lands also offer unblockable-on-a-stick to guarantee connection, and stealing blockers also helps. if the board is thin, dont wait for the good stuff - steal and pump a 1/2 bat, or a 3/3 beast token, and just get a ton of damage in. later, when you're flinging a monster in their face, that 4-6 damage can make the difference, and one less chump blocker on their board means higher likelihood to hit face with large bursts of damage. if you have cantrips specifically or a draw engine, they replenish themselves, you always have more target spells, so dont hold back on them. if you're playing against a board-sparse control or pillowfort deck, pump your own creatures. if you are up against a huge board of midrange creatures, overload Spectacular Showdown to make everyone else annihilate each other while you wait. Most of your cards have extra utility - set yourself up to use it. if your instants can add storm mana, make sure the cast order is right. if you can chain draws, do it. if you can equip before sacing for utility, do it. if you can get treasures for your instants, you might want to cast that first. for mulling - you want a couple mana, a combat trick or two, and ideally a sac outlet and draw piece. but don't be too picky, most mana-balanced hands will work.
// scouting: abuses targeting cantrips to steal opponents creatures, buff them, and then sac them.
// personality: gleeful, rude, gloating. SIKE - its mine now! get fucked! gimme that!
Commander
1 Loki, God of Lies

Deck
1 Abrade
1 Access Tunnel
1 Act of Treason
1 Ancestral Anger
1 Anger of the Gods
1 Arcane Lighthouse
1 Arcane Signet
1 Ashnod's Altar
1 Assault Strobe
1 Barrage of Expendables
1 Blasphemous Act
1 Blazing Crescendo
1 Bloodshot Cyclops
1 Brute Force
1 Built to Smash
1 Bulk Up
1 Caldera Pyremaw
1 Captivating Crew
1 Chaos Warp
1 Crimson Wisps
1 Crowd's Favor
1 Dark-Dweller Oracle
1 Dictate of the Twin Gods
1 Expedite
1 Faithless Looting
1 Fists of Flame
1 Fling
1 Goblin Bombardment
1 Grab the Reins
1 Gut Shot
1 Haste Magic
1 Hijack
1 Howling Mine
1 Humble Defector
1 Isochron Scepter
1 Jeska, Thrice Reborn
1 Kari Zev's Expertise
1 Krark, the Thumbless
1 Lightning Bolt
1 Magda, the Hoardmaster
1 Makeshift Munitions
1 Might of the Meek
1 Mizzium Mortars
29 Mountain
1 Past in Flames
1 Pyromancer's Goggles
1 Raking Claws
1 Raphael, the Nightwatcher
1 Reliquary Tower
1 Renegade Tactics
1 Rionya, Fire Dancer
1 Rogue's Passage
1 Seething Anger
1 Shock
1 Siege Smash
1 Skullclamp
1 Snort
1 Sol Ring
1 Soul's Fire
1 Spectacular Showdown
1 Sticky Fingers
1 Storm-Kiln Artist
1 Swiftfoot Boots
1 Tablet of Discovery
1 Team Tactics
1 Temple Bell
1 Temur Battle Rage
1 Thermopod
1 Thud
1 Titan's Strength
1 Weaponize the Monsters
